hey this is a rare situation in which I
feel I could summarize everything I have
to say in this video in like 15 seconds
although a lot of my own life is devoted
to a critique of the left wing including
communism including mass murder and
atrocities under communism Soviet Union
China Cambodia the reality is I don't
engage in a critique of the right wing
only because the claims made for the
right wing are so ridiculous are so
laughable are so impossible to take
seriously that nobody would bother
wasting their time critiquing this stuff
so look while I've commented in recent
videos that I am vegan and people often
assume I'm left-wing because I'm vegan
and I'm not really left-wing I am NOT
right-wing I am NOT I'm not even a
conservative I'm not even on the
right-center but some ideas such as the
ones you're about to see from an
influential vegan youtuber show why
nobody would even bother expressing
contempt for these views we have a
misused phrase in English beneath
contempt the difference between contempt
and beneath contempt is that if
something is beneath contempt it's not
even worth getting upset about it's not
even worth disagreeing over right if I
have contempt for something I think it's
bad but if something is beneath my
contempt
it is either so trivial or so ridiculous
that I can't take it seriously that I
can't critique it I'm not even getting
it upset about it it's beneath contempt
when I talk about all of Hitler and the
Second World War
let us have a mature and intellectual
discussion about all of Hitler and the
Second World War
now first of all and we've all seen the
bad side of adult Hitler I'd suggest
that you have a glimpse at the good
sides as it were I will link the
greatest story never told below so you
can get an ultimate view of things for
me all of it there was a very
accomplished economist and that's
basically it
realize this their own including evil
there's only tribes and nations fighting
against each other for me I say let us
not take any side no matter if you're
German or English or whatever whatever
[ __ ] European country you're from we
don't need to take a side in that
conflict we can only say to yourself
like okay that was a very stupid thing
to do both in World War one in World War
two so I don't want to use Hitler
aesthetics in my in my work I say we
leave it will transcend that we're not
so big that and more this is a whole
European thing and if I say like oh he
clear was so good and everything what do
I say to my fringe true friends for
example or my Dutch true friends that
were occupied by the Germans during the
war I can't take a side like that this
is team [ __ ] Europe so I'm on I'm
with Europe's side against the
islamization of Europe and then like the
conflict between Poland and Germany like
who started it who was right who was
wrong there is no right and wrong
Germans Germanic people and Slavic
people in the East Germany west of
Poland they're competing for the same
[ __ ] territory of land we clearly
learned that multiculturalism having
different ethnicities in the same place
will lead conflict that's the only
[ __ ] thing we can learn and that's
also majorly what sparked world war two
that poles were committing transgression
against Germans the official narrative
of why the Second World War happened is
so childlike in its simplicity so I just
have to get a video out there giving a
more realistic view of the world
basically what
Tord in school etc is that Hitler was a
power-hungry man you want to destroy
everything and then you have this
misconception of the masked race etc and
let me just clarify right now that this
is not really historical and now it's
being used as some sort of oh you know
Hitler only like this set of qualities
and he wanted to create these mas traits
like yes adn expose a part of many
European nation including Sweden at that
time but that was hardly the primary
golden and nothing through with the war
there were a lot of individual Jews
fighting in the Wehrmacht during the war
and this poster boy for the very mask
for example was half Jewish so no not
all Jews were targeted by and
persecution in Germany however let us
not fool ourselves I've seen a lot of
red pill guys I like oh you know nothing
bad happened to reduce during Hitler's
Germany that is absolutely false we have
300,000 people Jews dying of
malnutrition in working camps and you
know the Kristallnacht it's hardly a
conspiracy if you believe that Germany
during these years was a happy place
with a huge community that's equal
stupid us believing the official
narrative it had nothing through weed
with a madman hungry for power wanting
to conquer everything like that's a
childlike explanation of a war of this
magnitude although Hitler and the
National Socialist Party of Germany
kicked out the banking interest and now
you can say like oh the bankers were
Jews all you can say that they were
bankers I really dislike to paint all
Jews as evil because as I said like they
were there are so many different nuances
and all Jews are hardly part of the
international banking system and there
are a lot of regular white Christians
part of that banking system as well so
it's more about the international
banking system versus Germany keep that
in mind and keep the anti-jewish
rhetoric to a minimum if you still
horrible this all the delusions then ask
yourself this why in the name of God
after so many Jews who supported Hitler
and who joined the very market during
World War two if this was something
against all Jews so if you have these
sort of anti-jewish sentiments please
drop them as soon as possible if
somebody is born at you don't hold it
against him
hold it against him if he is some sort
of a scientist now this guy I'd love to
pretend that he's just a clown or a joke
or doesn't have any impact in the
outside world but I recently saw a
channel from a young woman who's maybe
20 years old she could be 19 she could
be 21 I'm not gonna name her a link to
her channel because I hope she turns her
life around but it was directly obvious
that she's a young vegan woman promoting
a vegan diet Fitness vegan lifestyle and
she's also plugged into an influence by
this neo-nazi propaganda and
specifically the guy you've just seen
clips from and she thanks Semin links to
him it's it's not my imagination it's an
it's an explicit connection so these
things do have consequences they do
influence other people in this case I
think he influenced a pretty naive and
ignorant young person and the fact that
people like myself do not stoop to even
ridicule these types of people there's
no negative intellectual reaction nobody
even wants to take the time to
acknowledge that this stuff exists that
is problematic in its own way and this
issue of things being beneath contempt
so I mean you know Noam Chomsky is wrong
but I feel there's a real need to engage
with what he says and what misconception
is popularizing I may feel contempt for
Noam job what Noam Chomsky has to say
about Cambodia I do feel contempt for
and anyone who has real expertise on
Cambodia would by the way but I noticed
for example when I do a Google search
for the Pro neo Nazi propaganda film
that this guy mentions as a source that
he recommends you view and so on so you
can relate to where he's coming from on
these issues the movie listing page that
IMDB
it lists zero critic reviews so this was
a pro neo-nazi documentary film that
this guy is partly influenced by
abasement views on and not a single
newspaper like the New York Times not a
single mainstream source on cinema
reviewed it at all now obviously if they
reviewed it they would review it
negatively but this is an issue with
something deserving contempt or being
beneath contempt and it is problematic
because obviously these people they have
their own soapbox they have their own
subculture they have their own
intellectual ghetto and there are more
and more reinforcing their own delusions
influencing one another even if they
don't influence a broad section of the
general public and the way that Noam
Chomsky does so if you were to ask me
why do I bother to engage in a critique
of Noam Chomsky Noam Chomsky happens to
be left-wing he identifies as an
anarchist
well Noam Chomsky does promote and
popularize political half-truths that
are dangerous not because they're false
but because they're plausible people
really do believe the things Noam
Chomsky says and they're very often
influenced by presump presuppositions he
makes just in the process of presenting
his argument many people will be
influenced by the veneer of
respectability the seeming expertise of
Noam Chomsky and he may be making very
misleading and propagandistic claims
that really influence people because
they are plausible so that's worth
engaging with there are other reasons
why engage with critique of left-wing
history of of communism and so on it's
been a big part of my life I've lived in
two different communist countries and
even when I was living in the Western
world the political views and
aspirations I had to debate with
both respectable and not so respectable
we're basically left-wing I lived in the
People's Republic of China
I've lived in the People's Democratic
Republic of Laos those are two communist
dictatorships but you know when I was
living in Toronto Canada and when I was
living in Cambridge England I was
surrounded by a lot of Communists and
people on the far left and those were
the political debates you know about the
past present and future really about
history so that I had to engage in
that's been the reality of my life guys
like this far right-wing neo-nazi people
have not been a part of my life in terms
of where I've lived and what issues I've
dealt with one of my reasons for making
this video now I was having a
conversation with Charles the vegan
cheetah about this and I had to admit to
him in passing one of the reasons why
I've mentioned that I'm Jewish so many
times on this channel is that I've
really been aware of and reacting to
anti-semitism within YouTube
specifically within vegan YouTube
Judaism and anti-semitism have been part
of my life but as I've already mentioned
I lived in China I lived in Laos I lived
in Cambodia it's very difficult to
communicate to someone who grew up in an
isolated Asian country just what
anti-semitism is how deep it is how
profoundly distorting it is really for
all of Western culture and civilization
I was saying to someone the other day
you know Europeans
were already obsessed with Jews before
they ever engaged in the transatlantic
slave trade like anti-semitism is in
that sense just deeper then it has a
greater pedigree then racism against
Africans in Europe it goes back more
than a thousand years in Europe
if you read the magna carta a British
Constitution British legal document the
magna carta only mentions one ethnic
group the Jews in theory the magna carta
could have had statements about Scottish
people about Yorkshiremen about all the
myriad ethnic groups within England and
why they mattered to the constitution of
that nation
the only ethnic group mentioned in the
Magna Carta is the Jews so in many ways
I'm resigned to the fact that this is a
deep aspect of the Christian and you're
at Western European worldview and it's
not going to go away and it has been
surreal for me on some occasions to be
sitting with someone whose lotion
someone who is familiar with racism in
the sense that Chinese people are racist
against people from India and people
from Thailand or racist against people
from Cambodia people from Cambodia
racist against people from Vietnam those
are really intensely felt racial
conflicts but even so it is very
difficult to explain to someone from say
a Buddhist or communist cultural
background in Asia that the whole
Christian religion is simultaneously
built on Judaism and also built on the
hatred and fear of Jews it's something
very difficult to even educate the
younger generation about within Europe
within Canada within the United States
and an invite you to imagine how
difficult it be to express these things
across the cultural barrier across the
language barrier in the context of South
East Asia East Asia